feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 19 (#60375)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-adjectives-in-conversations/6810d008957707fd9cf42612.md

        "text": "Yes, that's clearer. You're showing the urgency and ease of integration well.",
        "align": "right"
      }
    },
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "startTime": 55.94,
      "finishTime": 59.42,
      "dialogue": {
        "text": "When you talk about integration, maybe specify what makes it easy?",
        "align": "right"
      }
    },
    {
      "character": "Jake",
      "startTime": 60.06,
      "finishTime": 61.14,
      "dialogue": {
        "text": "Good point. I'll add:",
        "align": "left"
      }
    },
    {
      "character": "Jake",
      "startTime": 61.7,
      "finishTime": 68.76,
      "dialogue": {
        "text": "With its plug-and-play design, GuardianTech is a user-friendly option that requires minimal setup time.",
        "align": "left"
      }
    },
    {
      "character": "Jake",
      "startTime": 69.48,
      "finishTime": 75.3,
      "dialogue": {
        "text": "This seamless integration makes it an ideal choice for startups with limited IT resources.",
        "align": "left"
      }
    },
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "startTime": 76.28,
      "finishTime": 81.42,
      "dialogue": {

>         "text": "Perfect! That part about "minimal setup time" really clarifies it. How will you conclude the pitch?",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "text": 'Perfect! That part about "minimal setup time" really clarifies it. How will you conclude the pitch?',
```

>         "text": 'Perfect! That part about "minimal setup time" really clarifies it. How will you conclude the pitch?',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "text": "Perfect! That part about 'minimal setup time' really clarifies it. How will you conclude the pitch?",
```
